README.md, before:

# SpaceVagrant

Developed with Unreal Engine 4.25
  
The first thing you will need to view this open source project is unreal engine v 4.25 which can be acquired here:  
https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/get-now/agnostic  
(this is a launcher for unreal where you can then select and install the required version)  

To compile this project for the UE4 editor, you will need MS Visual Studio 2017 (it can be the free community version) with the following packages:
* Desktop Development with C++
* Game Development with C++
* .NET Desktop Development

Once you have the correct environment for MSVS 2017 and UE4.25 annotated above, you can open the spacevagrant.uproject, a prompt about missing modules will occur and select yes to rebuild them now.  After the rebuild finishes the editor will open allowing you access to the blueprints and code through the UE4 editor.

## Demo
A 3 week demo for windows 64 bit systems can be acquired here!  If you wish to view the results of the work without having to install UE4.25 or MSVS 2017 as listed above, use the following link to download the demo zipfile.  
* https://gofile.io/d/BlAaQ0  
  
Simply extract the contents of the zip file and run the executable.
  
* Movement keys - WASD
* Reset - Q
* Jump - Spacebar
* Aim - Right mouse button
* Fire - Left mouse button
* Quit - Alt-F4






## License

This work is released under the "MIT license".
Please see the file `LICENSE` in this distribution for
license terms.


# Sources
* https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/index.html
* https://answers.unrealengine.com/questions/120392/how-can-i-load-text-from-file-with-blueprint.html
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1761626/weighted-random-numbers
* https://freesound.org/people/malatestinic.com/sounds/481584/
* https://www.mixamo.com/
* https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto#about

Commit message:

update with people names and description

README.md, after:

# SpaceVagrant

## Contributers
Erik Jastad
Josh Ray
Philip Chen
Will Becker
Alex Bailey
Jacob

## Description
An open source starting point for us to learn the starting points of game dev. It's a rogue-like, third person shooter where the player explores preocedurally generated maps, killing enemies and picking up resources to upgrade their abilities.

Developed with Unreal Engine 4.25
  
The first thing you will need to view this open source project is unreal engine v 4.25 which can be acquired here:  
https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/get-now/agnostic  
(this is a launcher for unreal where you can then select and install the required version)  

To compile this project for the UE4 editor, you will need MS Visual Studio 2017 (it can be the free community version) with the following packages:
* Desktop Development with C++
* Game Development with C++
* .NET Desktop Development

Once you have the correct environment for MSVS 2017 and UE4.25 annotated above, you can open the spacevagrant.uproject, a prompt about missing modules will occur and select yes to rebuild them now.  After the rebuild finishes the editor will open allowing you access to the blueprints and code through the UE4 editor.

## Demo
A 3 week demo for windows 64 bit systems can be acquired here!  If you wish to view the results of the work without having to install UE4.25 or MSVS 2017 as listed above, use the following link to download the demo zipfile.  
* https://gofile.io/d/BlAaQ0  
  
Simply extract the contents of the zip file and run the executable.
  
* Movement keys - WASD
* Reset - Q
* Jump - Spacebar
* Aim - Right mouse button
* Fire - Left mouse button
* Quit - Alt-F4






## License

This work is released under the "MIT license".
Please see the file `LICENSE` in this distribution for
license terms.


# Sources
* https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/index.html
* https://answers.unrealengine.com/questions/120392/how-can-i-load-text-from-file-with-blueprint.html
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1761626/weighted-random-numbers
* https://freesound.org/people/malatestinic.com/sounds/481584/
* https://www.mixamo.com/
* https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto#about
